---
title: Deploying to Cloud 66
published: true
categories: [deployment]
layout: article
---

[Cloud 66](http://cloud66.com) is a powerful service that helps you deploy and manage your applications on any cloud or your own servers. Follow these instructions to deploy your application with them.

### 1. Build your Cloud 66 stack
Visit Cloud 66 to <a href="http://help.cloud66.com/getting-started/your-first-stack.html">build your first stack</a>.

### 2. Install and initialize the Cloud 66 Toolbelt

The [Cloud 66 Toolbelt](http://help.cloud66.com/toolbelt/introduction.html) allows you to connect to the Cloud 66 platform right from Nitrous.IO.
Install it by running the following command in the Nitrous.IO console:

    gem install c66

Before using the Toolbelt, you are required to link it to your Cloud 66 account. You can do this by issuing the init command:

	c66 init

This returns a URL that you need to copy and paste into your browser. You will be asked to authorize the Toolbelt to access your account, and copy a code to the command line.

### 3. Associate your environment with your stack
By associating your development environment with your stack, you make it really simple to deploy your code to production.

Simply list your available stacks to retrieve your unique stack identifier:

    c66 list

Now save this stack, so that any future commands run against it:

	c66 save --stack <stack id>

### 4. Deploy your code
When you're ready to deploy, simply push your code to your git repository and run

    c66 deploy

This will trigger a deployment on your Cloud 66 stack.